' Articles:

' Radioactive Soviet Spy Satellite Crashes to Earth
' WASHINGTON, January 23rd
' The US Defense Department reported a radioactive section of a Soviet nuclear-
' powered surveillance satellite fell out of orbit at 5:21pm and disintegrated
' over the Indian Ocean. The four-ton chunk was from Cosmos 1402, which broke
' apart last year during an orbital maneuver. The highly radioactive chunk has
' appeared to completely disintegrate over a remote section of the Indian Ocean.

' Confrontations in Lebanon Worrying Pentagon Officials
' BEIRUT, January 23rd
' According to sources from the Pentagon, a Marine Corps rifleman was ordered not
' to fire at an Isreli soldier in his sights yesterday. This event is the closest
' call yet in a series of military confrontations in Lebanon. Concerns over self-
' defense and rules of engagement by US soldiers are fueling the recent incidents.
' The Isreli military command has denied any confrontation, physical or verbal.

' OPEC to Lower Output Levels Due to Dropping Oil Prices
' GENEVA, January 23rd
' The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries reached an agreement on a
' plan to reduce their joint output in response to recent dropping oil prices.
' During the emergency session, the OPEC oil ministers have agreed to reduce the
' joint output ceiling of 18.5 million barrels per day by at least 1 million.
' The price per barrel, currently set at $34, is expected to rise as result.

' NASA Set To Launch Infrared Satellite on Wednesday
' WASHINGTON, January 23rd
' NASA has reported that it is on-track for launching the Infrared Astronomical
' Satellite (IRAS) on Wednesday. The satellite will be launched from Vandenberg
' Air Force Base by a Delta 3910 rocket for performing a survey of the night sky
' at infrared wavelengths. NASA also confirmed rumors of issues with the rocket
' and satellite, but reassured that they are on-schedule for the 25th launch.

' Dolphins Beat Jets 14-0, Will Play Redskins in Super Bowl
' MIAMI, January 23rd
' The Miami Dolphins shut out the New York Jets 14-0, taking the AFC Championship
' and advancing to the Super Bowl, where they will face the Washington Redskins
' at Super Bowl XVII. The Dolphins defeated their NY rival with strong offensive
' play and 2 touchdowns in the second half. They will compete against Washington
' in a Super Bowl VII rematch, where Miami claimed a 14-7 victory a decade ago.

' Popular NYC Computer BBS Comes Back Online After Four-Month Haitus
' NEW YORK, January 23rd
' A popular BBS from New York City known as HACCBBS is back online after a four-
' month hiatus where the status of the BBS was unknown. The sysop known by the
' alias G4ndalf brought the system back online yesterday, citing concerns of FBI
' surveillance for going dark until security measures could be taken. The BBS is
' available at its new number, 212-638-4805, and is accepting old and new users.
